Audio Streams Tutorial: change outdated reference to AudioStreamRandomPitch (#9611)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/audio/audio_streams.rst

loaded as AudioStreams and placed inside an AudioStreamPlayer. You can find
information on supported formats and differences in :ref:`doc_importing_audio_samples`.

There are other types of AudioStreams, such as :ref:`AudioStreamRandomizer<class_AudioStreamRandomizer>`.

> This one picks a different sound from a list of streams each time it's played back.
> This can be helpful for adding variation to sounds that are played back often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This one picks a different audio stream from a list of streams each time it's played
back, and applies random pitch and volume shifting. This can be helpful for adding
variation to sounds that are played back often.
```

Author: Yeah that's better. I tried to keep it a big simple since it was in the tutorial section but accuracy is important too.
